site/content/_index.md, before:

---
title: Helicopter Seed Comics
subtitle: Support sustainable farming while enjoying a cup
image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
blurb:
  heading: Why Kaldi?
  text: >-
    Kaldi is the coffee store for everyone who believes that great coffee
    shouldn't just taste good, it should do good too. We source all of our beans
    directly from small scale sustainable farmers and make sure part of the
    profits are reinvested in their communities.
intro:
  heading: What we offer
  text: >-
    Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their
    java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee
    production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that
    knowledge to anyone.
products:
  - image: img/illustrations-coffee.svg
    text: >-
      We sell green and roasted coffee beans that are sourced directly from
      independent farmers and farm cooperatives. We’re proud to offer a variety
      of coffee beans grown with great care for the environment and local
      communities. Check our post or contact us directly for current
      availability.
  - image: /img/illustrations-coffee-gear.svg
    text: >-
      We offer a small, but carefully curated selection of brewing gear and
      tools for every taste and experience level. No matter if you roast your
      own beans or just bought your first french press, you’ll find a gadget to
      fall in love with in our shop.
goals:
  heading: My Goals
  text: >-
    The goal is to write compelling, original stories. With genres
    from superheroes to science fiction, I hope to entertain and
    inspire thought on the human condition.
---

Commit message:

Update content on the home page

site/content/_index.md, after:

---
title: Helicopter Seed Comics
subtitle: Hand-drawn comics with a software engineer's touch
image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
blurb:
  heading: Welcome
  text: >-
    Helicopter Seed is the home of the comics Galvanizing Goldfinch and
    SSS Samara, along with related art. The website is currently under 
    construction, so please ignore the man behind the curtain.
intro:
  heading: Ongoing comics
  text: >-
    Helicopter Seed isn't defined by a single genre. I believe comics are
    the best medium to tell my stories and share my art, so you can expect
    a variety genres and art styles to appear here.
products:
  - image: img/illustrations-coffee.svg
    text: >-
      Galvanizing Goldfinch is a superhero story taking place in Seattle. 
      Combining local Native American folklore, Seattle teriyaki, and pulse-pounding
      adventure, this comic is an exciting love-letter to the Pacific Northwest.
  - image: /img/illustrations-coffee-gear.svg
    text: >-
      SSS Samara is a science fiction horror story set in a space station on
      the fringes of the galactic frontier. Come for the exciting pioneer lifestyle
      and the fish-out-of-water aliens, stay because the eldritch abomination from
      another dimension won't let you leave!
goals:
  heading: My Goals
  text: >-
    The goal is to write compelling, original stories. With genres
    from superheroes to science fiction, I hope to entertain and
    inspire thought on the human condition.
---
